Alerting: Fix database unavailable removes rules from scheduler (#49874)
grafana/grafana: pkg/services/ngalert/CHANGELOG.md

## Grafana Alerting - main / unreleased

> - [ENHANCEMENT] Scheduler: Metric `get_alert_rules_duration_seconds` has been renamed to `schedule_query_alert_rules_duration_seconds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ENHANCEMENT] Scheduler: Adds new metrics to track rules that might be scheduled.
  - `grafana_alerting_schedule_alert_rules `
  - `grafana_alerting_schedule_alert_rules_hash `
- [CHANGE] Scheduler: Renaming of metrics to make them consistent with similar metrics exposed by the component.
  - `grafana_alerting_get_alert_rules_duration_seconds` to `grafana_alerting_schedule_periodic_duration_seconds
  - `grafana_alerting_schedule_periodic_duration_seconds` to `grafana_alerting_schedule_query_alert_rules_duration_seconds`
  - 
```
